you know what's going on guys this is
cod flaws in this video I'm gonna be
discussing the snow in grand theft auto
5 online so as we do know the 24th
Christmas Eve in 25th Christmas Day
there was snow falling from the sky in
Los Santos I'm gt5 online but right now
on the 26 the snow has actually been
removed so there is no more snow on the
ground but I'm actually going to be
talking to you guys about a possibility
of the snow actually returning so
yesterday was really a letdown it was
very disappointing and frustrating for
many gamers as no one was able to go on
xbox live and PSN to go onto their
favorite game and enjoy it in my case
GTA 5 and I actually missed out on a day
of snow so since we did miss a day of
snow on GTA 5 online it would only make
sense that rockstar would give us one
extra day but that's just something we
want and that's not what I'm going to be
discussing this video I'm actually going
to be discussing something rockstar
possibly have confirmed by accident of
two more snow days that would have even
happened without anything going wrong
with the servers so when the festive
surprise first came out the rockstar
newswire had a bunch of information
about it and right over here it talks
about these snow days so those dreaming
of a white Christmas are in luck as the
forecast calls for an extremely rare
phenomenon of san andreas snowfall to
hit on a few special days this holiday
season be on the lookout and ready to
round up your crew for a friendly
snowball fight but be forewarned those
icy little suckers can pack a wallop so
right over here they mention a few
special days this holiday season where
the snow is actually going to be but
later down the newswire where it says
set off some new years fireworks they
actually released what those special
days were it says ring in the new year
with a bang the firework launched here
in firework rocket ammo are coming back
and will be available to acquire and use
for Christmas Eve until Monday January
fifth you can score one for free on our
for special days so it over here says
for special days which it mentioned
earlier on and it says what they are
Christmas even Christmas Day which are
the two days we were supposed to have
snow on and we did have snow on and the
other two are New Year's Eve and New
Year's Day with supposedly those are
going to be the other days that the snow
is going to be returning so I'm not sure
if Rockstar said this by accident
it's a coincidence or if they're
actually hinting towards something and
letting us know that it's going to be
for four days now even if that's not
what they meant I know rockstar games
are very generous and they're going to
give us a second chance of having snow
because of the horrible day we had
yesterday and all the servers being down
so what I'm really hoping for right now
is that one additional day of snow that
we missed out on yesterday and also the
other two additional days which was New
Year's Eve and New Year's Day so that's
an additional three days we should be
having so down into the comments below
let me know what you guys think about
this topic and if you guys like snow or
not also let me know if you guys missed
out on it last year and maybe this year
you guys did enjoy this video don't
forget to slap that like button and
subscribe to my channel so you guys
never miss out on a future gt5 video
from me it's been Cod flaws in the
mouthpiece thanks for watching